Master
I like this kid
You can't take someone's love
What you like is yours.
The whole original door is mine
Including you seniors
Sect master this senior
You watched me grow up
How can you not turn to me?
The martial election of the sect master Yuanmen has not ended yet
You want to take Han Yang as your disciple
Is this against the rules?
You have to follow the rules, right?
Then follow Yuan Mei's rules
Good apprentice, wait for the teacher to defeat them
I'll come and take you as a disciple
grace
Cut the crap
See you later
Hmph, hit
This round gate is really full of martial arts
The disciple is back
writer
Your clothes were ambushed by Xu Changleng
But I did punch him.
I took advantage
The master is really eclectic
As long as you take me as your teacher
I will immediately give you the identity of a young sect master
From Now On
Whether it is pills or martial arts secrets
You can enjoy it as you like.
Even him
I can also give it to you.
This
But Yuan Men's no choice is not over yet.
Go to his Yuan Men no choice
But I still want to
Kill someone in the demon beast spirit